Added more details about installing and running Thanos in the contributing.md file (#3882)
thanos-io/thanos: CONTRIBUTING.md

`make help` will print most of available commands with relevant details.
* Spin up a prebuilt dev environment using Gitpod.io
[![Gitpod Ready-to-Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gitpod-ready--to--code-blue?logo=gitpod)](https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/thanos-io/thanos)
* In case you want to develop the project locally, install **Golang** in your machine. Here is a nice [gist](https://gist.github.com/nikhita/432436d570b89cab172dcf2894465753) for this purpose.

### Installing Project locally in your machine

* Change your directory to the gopath for installing Thanos there -

>   * `cd $GOPATH/src/github.com/`

Reviewer: Hm, you don't need any of this anymore. With Go modules it's ok to clone it wherever.

What about this flow:
1. Find any directory in your system your want Thanos repo in. e.g  `~/Repos`
2. Run `git clone git@github.com:thanos-io/thanos.git` 
3. Make sure you have `GOBIN`, `GOPATH` and `GOBIN` (useful) set to PATH. For example:

```
export GOBIN="~/Repos/thanos/.bin" # It's nice to have local tooling installed and stored locally.
export GOPATH="~/Repos/thanosgopath" # Use if you want to have an isolated directory for deps, otherwise, the dir where you have installed golang will be used.
export GOPROXY="https://proxy.golang.org"
export PATH="$GOBIN:$GOROOT/bin:$PATH"
```

4. Consider persisting variables
5.Done! (make help, make build etc)

Author: Sure, made those changes

* If you don’t have `$GOPATH` set, then add them -
  * `export GOPATH=$HOME/go; export PATH=$PATH:$GOROOT/bin:$GOPATH/bin`

>   * Make sure you add the exports to the `/.bashrc` file so that those environment variables are persisted when you run them again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Consider adding the environment variables to your host machine (e.g `/.bashrc` or [`.envrc`](https://direnv.net/)) file so that those environment variables are persisted across sessions.
```

Author: Done

* If `github.com` folder is not present in the `src` path of `$GOPATH`, make one and clone Thanos inside it -
  * For HTTPS - `git clone https://github.com/thanos-io/thanos.git`
  * For SSH - `git clone git@github.com:thanos-io/thanos.git`
* Once installed, you can run `make help` inside Thanos folder for getting a list of helper commands which are provided for making development easy for you :)

### Building/Running/Developing

> * Run `make help` for getting a list of helper commands that will make your development life much more easy. It also provides auto **linting** and **formatter** for making sure the code quality meets the standards of contribution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Run `make help` for getting a list of helper commands that will make your development life much more easy. Especially consider using `make lint` often. It provides auto **linting** and **formatter** for making sure the code quality meets the standards of contribution.
```

Author: Nice

* Usually, while sending in a PR  `make build`, `make format`, `make lint`, `make test`, `make docs`, `make check-docs`, `make quickstart` are the most used commands while developing Thanos.

> * When you run `make build` from `$GOPATH/src/github.com/thanos`the code is compiled and a binary named `thanos` is created. To run the binary, run `thanos`, which would call the thanos binary from `$GOPATH/src/bin/thanos`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When you run `make build` from Thanos repo root,  code is compiled and a binary named `thanos` is created and built into your `$GOBIN` or `$GOPATH/bin`.

Author: Sure

$ <Iterate your development>
$ git push origin <your_branch_for_new_pr>
```

> **Tests for your changes**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Tests your changes**
```

Author: Sure

* Add unit tests for new functionality. Add e2e tests for major changes to functionality.

> * If you don't have a live object store ready, you can use the `make test-local` command.

Reviewer: There is overlap with #Running tests.

Should we link to running test and copy all overlap there? 🤗

Author: I think, lets move the content to `#Running tests`, would be nice to have all content for testing in one place. WDYT?

* **NOTE**: This command skips tests against live object storage systems by specifying environment variables; this causes the
store-specific tests to be run against memory and filesystem object storage types only. The CI tests run uses GCS, AWS and Swift.
* Not specifying these variables will result in auth errors against GCS, AWS, Azure, COS etc.

**Updating your branch**

It is a good practice to keep your branch updated by rebasing your branch to master.

> * Update your master - `git checkout master; git pull <remote_name> master`

Reviewer 2: main :)

Author: Done 😁
